Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
You think
you've had a rough day?
Wait till you grow up.
- You can't hear them.
but they can hear you.
You need to work harder.
You have to start to speak.
Either you're prepared.
or you are not.
I'm sorry. you don't get
to choose when it's time
to do something.
It's the moment
that runs you down
and chooses you.
The only thing
you can do about it
is to be prepared.
That's the only thing
that will make a difference.
Now. pick up the book.
Hey. you...!
Hey.
Hi. are you hungry?
Are you hungry? Here. Here.
Hi. Hermes.
Just looking for a treat?
Whoa. are you hurt?!
You okay?
Can you move everything okay?
Where did he go?
Where did who go?
What did he?
What the fuck...?
Ooh.
You've got a nice cut
on your leg.
Come with us.
There you go.
That's it.
You didn't just see him?
He pushed me off the trail!
-I haven't seen anybody.
We just saw you falling
and came running.
-Fuck...
-There's a picnic area
over here.
We can get you cleaned up.
Hey. look... we're going
to be sitting over there.
If you need anything...
No. it's okay. Thank you.
I'm okay.
You sure?
Yeah. Yeah. I'll be all right.
Okay.
Hey. excuse me there.
little miss...
If we all treated the park
that way.
can you imagine
how this place would look?
You need to put that wrapper
where it belongs.
And where does it belong?
There's a witch...
...that lives out here
in the woods.
You're the garbage man.
You pick it up... Garbage man.
They say she takes rude.
impertinent little children
like you away.
And eats 'em!
There's no such thing
as witches.
It was you!
What the fuck is your problem?!
What are you talking about?
Crazy bitch!
You pushed me
off the trail. fucking--
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
What's your problem. lady?
You nuts?
You're a son of a bitch.
You know what my problem is.
You need to go home
and see a doctor.
-Asshole.
Hey. hey. hey. Come on. Come on.
Take it easy. Take it easy.
Hey!
Hey. you!
One more. Come on.
I need a second.
One second will cost you
the race.
Seriously?
Come on. Diana.
Train hard or go home.
but don't forget. losers
are the first ones to go home.
and you don't
look finished to me.
So...
What's it gonna be?
Come on. One more lap.
You like
the salt cartridges?
Of course.
It's made of some shite.
Where'd you buy it?
Carl's.
That asshole.
He's a total dirtbag.
Jesus...
What happened to you?
You lost?
Lord. she's all beat up!
I can't hear you.
She's deaf and dumb.
Just plain deaf.
I suppose.
Are you okay?
I was attacked.
Some guy tried to kill me.
-Someone tried to kill her.
-Yeah. I got it. But who? Where?
Up at the bridge.
Towards the top.
Get her something to drink.
will ya?
Something hot.
There's no coffee.
Hey! What are you doing
with my stuff?
One way
or another.
I'm gonna find ya .
I'll get'cha. I'll get'cha.
I'm gonna find ya.
I'm gonna get'cha get'cha
get'cha.
Hey!
One way or another...
I'm gonna find ya.
I'm gonna get'cha. get'cha.
get'cha. get'cha.
One way or another.
I'm gonna g--
Sorry. darling.
The old Christie
brakes when she wants.
You okay?
We need to phone the police.
Please.
Go on. Hop in.
You have some kind of accident?
I was attacked.
Some guy tried to kill me!
And killed some other people.
It's okay. You can relax.
My wife Charlene will help you.
We have lots of phones
at the house.
You uh...
you got a problem
with your ears?
You understand me?
Gotta be a bitch...
...not being able
to hear anything.
You miss out
on all the great music.
Yup!
Somebody's gone fishing
in my woods.
But I swear I'll catch him!
Ain't nobody goes hunting
in my backyard!
I found her out walking
on the road.
She said someone tried to kill
her at Perreault.
I'll be more careful
with this one.
There!
Run!
Leave me alone!
I wanna kill you. you fucking
son of a bitch.
Shit!
Sorry. darling.
The old Christie
brakes when she wants.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm